Update VS Code docs (#2252)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/tooling-guide/visual-studio-code-extension/diagram-editor.md

title: Diagram Editor
permalink: /learn/tooling-guide/visual-studio-code-extension/diagram-editor/
active: diagram-editor

> intro: The Ballerina language possesses [bidirectional mapping between its syntaxes and the visual representation](/why-ballerina/sequence-diagrams-for-programming/). The Diagram Editor of the Ballerina extension helps you to visualize the graphical representation while developing your Ballerina program via the methods below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: The Ballerina language possesses [bidirectional mapping between its syntaxes and the visual representation](/learn/user-guide/why-ballerina/graphical/). The Diagram Editor of the Ballerina extension helps you to visualize the graphical representation while developing your Ballerina program via the methods below.
```
We can't add links on the front matter. The plugin doesn't allow that.
